Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, we see that Canada has chosen their leader.
I saw this coming several weeks ago, but I did not want to come out and try to discourage the believers there.
I was like, 'Let's stand in faith that we can turn this thing.
' And when I was in prayer yesterday with you all in that video, I saw the people crying.
I saw Canadians crying because of the way the election went.
They were weeping.
I saw women crying.
I saw people upset because of the turnout—believers that were upset about how their nation was going.
And so if you go back and watch that, that's what I was seeing.
I saw an uprising.
People were upset about the turnout.
Some people were saying, 'Hey, we're going to stand for what we want to stand for.
' And there was an uprising in the Christian community in the days ahead because of the liberal beliefs and the liberal way they were wanting to take your nation.
I saw the same thing going on in Australia.
But there were little fires; they weren't big fires.
I saw little fires in Queensland, Australia.
I don't know what that was all about, but people were upset and they were rising up.
They were rising up against the government and the decisions that were being made because they didn't like the way it was turning.
As we see this, I told you I saw the barrels, those whiskey barrels rolling down from Canada into America because of the trade.
I saw a global depression hitting the economy of Canada in the days ahead, similar to America.
But then I saw that British Columbia wanted to stand out on their own because they wanted to be a part of the digital platform and all the things that are going on.
I don't know if that's later on, but I saw this, so I don't know the timing of it.
I'm just piecing together what I've gotten in prayer, bringing it out to you to give you hope that there will be a revival in Canada.
It will come out of a great pressure, but there will be a major revival in the days ahead.
I'm telling you all, the best is yet to come for the body of Christ concerning the harvest of the souls.
So now what we do is pray for your leaders.
Like I said, it was because of the body of Christ—the preachers not having a backbone in Canada and not preaching an uncompromising word—is what I was seeing.
Remember I told you all I went in the spirit and I was praying with you a couple of weeks ago and I saw the preachers.
I saw a lukewarmness in the churches, and the Lord said because of this lukewarmness, we're praying and we're upset about the politics, but the problem is we're not preaching the gospel in the churches that causes the culture to change.
Because as the church goes, so does everything else.
As the preachers don't stand on the word, so does everything else.
The Lord warned me and even told me this is a wake-up call.
We have a reprieve in America, a four-year window of Trump, and he even told me, 'We're wanting everything to be on Trump's shoulders to fix America.
' Well, it's on America; it's on him now.
But the bottom line was when I saw the sticky substance, this oily honey coming off the preachers' mouths, and cockroaches were coming in and out of the mouths and laying upon the lips of the preachers in America.
I saw babies across the land with diapers on.
And the Lord warned me.
He said, 'The preachers are not preaching the meat of the word.
They're preaching a milk gospel to the people.
' And this is what's wrong with America, because the preachers are not preaching an uncompromising word that teaches people how to live by faith and to grow up strong—the ABCs of faith.
So the babies were all across the land, but it wasn't just America; it was going across the whole world.
This is a global problem where people need to wake up and preach the gospel the way it needs to be preached and not this compromising, lukewarm gospel.
The Lord warned me this was coming and that people needed to have a backbone like a crowbar because what is coming is going to shake the world.
We see fruit of it now.
We pray for South Korea because I saw a communist party trying to rise up in Korea—as bad as North Korea—that it would try to be a little bit, a little bit, and it equals a lot.
Do you see what I'm saying?
It wasn't just all at once; it was like a frog in a pot being boiled and cooked alive and it didn't even know as the temperature rises.
As the South Koreans adapted to it, the communistic party of China was influencing North Korea, and North Korea had its hand trying to influence and take down South Korea and Taiwan.
As we see, they were trying to bring them in like a mother hen tries to bring in her chicks.
That's what China was doing—trying to bring in those islands that they looked at as rebellious.
'You're not underneath communism, and we need to bring you into the way we think.
' It's a demonic way of thinking; it's bondage.
And there's an iron curtain there that keeps Christianity out.
The people of South Korea have become complacent, and so it was with so many other places where they don't want to lose their freedom.
And the Lord told me, 'This is what's going to happen if the people don't rise up and take their authority, humble themselves and pray, and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and the Lord said he would heal your land.
' I'm telling you all, it's a time like never before to be serious, looking at the signs of the times.
So what do we do now?
Canada's gone left again.
We pray for revival.
We pray that Australia goes better.
We pray for South Korea.
They're coming up really quick.
And so, we pray for America.
We pray for our economic situation.
People say, 'Brandon, you know, in that video yesterday, there were so many people that agreed about number three.
' I told you to pick one, two, or three.
There were a lot of people that agreed with three—that we have a window, but the window is based on who will pray.
Who will pray for this wealth transfer?
It's not going to just happen.
You see the wrecking ball swinging and we must pray for a window of opportunity.
God said, 'I want to give you a window.
' But what is that based on?
People interceding just like Abraham—people interceding and praying for the window.
As the watchman on the wall, I am warning you of what's coming: shortages of food and goods.
Well, 'we don't need China's stuff.
' Folks, it's bigger than that.
It's car parts.
I saw people not being able to fix their cars, chips for the cars, things that were very tied to computers and our electric grid.
I saw major power outages coming.
Have I not warned you of this?
Clear back in the summer of last year, I said I've seen major cyber attacks coming from China.
I warned you back in July.
I saw people without electricity in some cities for three weeks because of some kind of hack or computer problems.
It was so bad that it caused the whole infrastructure to melt down, mainly on the East Coast.
I've warned you of this.
So why do you bring all that up, Brandon?
Because Italy is having issues.
I don't know what caused all those issues, but a lot of power outages happened in France and Italy today.
And those people had to walk out of subways.
They had to walk; they didn't have power, they didn't have cell phones, they didn't have anything.
I said it seemed like an EMP—that's what it seemed like.
Like something major went on and they had a major grid meltdown.
So then I hear that Russia and North Korea are being buddies and they're trying to raise up even more.
I told you: watch North Korea and Russia in the days ahead.
I have seen these two countries in meetings—major meetings about bringing troops over, bringing them out of the Western bloc because America has suppressed them—North Korea because of communism and all the things that are going on with how they treat their people.
Well, Russia was saying, "Hey, you join up with us and we will bring you into the BRICS.
We'll bring you into the BRICS.
" So what we're seeing right now, I saw in visions.
I haven't made a lot of this public.
I saw them laughing at Trump.
They were making fun of him, thinking, "This old man is trying to control us.
You are not going to control us.
" And the way they were acting was, "We're not going to allow you to try to dominate us.
" And they were trying to make alliances with Cuba and Venezuela and all these other countries in the days ahead.
So we see these things coming to pass.
And like I said, I told you I'm praying for the window—the window of where we are and that we're not going to have all this happen so quickly.
But folks, we're pushing.
It's like a teeter-totter.
We're pushing things back in the spirit.
We're holding things in balance because the adversary is wanting their time now.
And remember what I told you.
Jesus stood up and I saw him above the United States of America.
And he said, "Who will stand in the gap for America?
Who will pray for America?
" If you remember what I told you all, Jesus said all that and I saw a massive python coming up out of the Gulf of Mexico, and it tried to wrap around America and squeeze it from the middle, trying to squeeze it from within.
It was a massive python, a massive snake coming up out of the Gulf.
And I saw a storm of communism, a storm of war, a storm of an Antichrist spirit trying to come over and trying to come on too fast.
And the Lord wanted more time.
And you say, "Well, can the Lord just have more time?
" It comes through us praying.
He does everything through his bride, his people, interceding and praying for change.
So that's why I bring up Jerome Powell all the time.
I've said it a thousand times.
The man is for the left.
I've seen Obama talking to him.
I've seen men in Europe talking to him, influencing his decisions.
If I was Trump, if he has the power to do this, he would fire Jerome Powell and hire somebody else to take over the Federal Reserve.
That's what I would do because I'm telling you, he's been in with the Democrats for the last four years plus.
He's been influenced by the Obamas, the Pelosis, the Hillaries, and the Bidens.
And it's been that way for four years prior.
And so, you know, I'm just telling y'all, there's a lot that still needs to change.
And we're seeing it change a little at a time.
We pray for the infrastructure of these new cryptos and all this stuff to happen quickly.
I pray it's like lightning.
Seriously, we need it today for what I've seen.
We need this transfer of wealth today.
We need it right now.
Because I know the enemy, like I said—he was in the last vision I told y'all when I was praying—he was trying to hover over the earth and he looked like Led Zeppelin.
He looked like Led Zeppelin's fallen angel thing on his album and he was over there looking at America, and I could hear the Father laughing at the devil's plans as Satan was trying to maneuver and trying to control things on the earth because his plan was to stop everything: the revival, anything he could to try to put a kink in the hose so that we don't have the major flow of the Holy Ghost in these last days.
But God was laughing at it.
I could hear the Lord laughing and I'm telling you all, good days are ahead for the body of Christ.
The Lord keeps telling me, "Brandon, these are days of fun.
These are days of great fun.
Time to enjoy life.
It's time to have fun.
Stop looking horizontally and go vertical and get excited about what's coming.
" He's coming.
A great revival is coming.
And people say, "Well, I don't know where that's at.
I don't believe there's a revival coming.
" I do.
I believe that's how big our God is, that he wants a great revival in these end times.
All right.
So, that's what we're going to talk about today.
I'm not going to sit here and ramble on.
I could go over all the visions over and over again of everything that I've seen over the last year and it's redundant.
I think a lot of times if you want to go back and watch the video, go back and watch the videos.
That's why I'm trying to bring them up and show you this is what's been said clear back a year ago because a lot of you have not seen that.
And I'm trying to work what I saw in 2023 and 2024.
A lot of that's coming to pass right now in 2025.
And every day Brandon goes, "Wow, the words are almost on top of each other, Daddy.
Look at that.
" And I said, "Yeah, it's pretty amazing, actually.
I mean, wow, where are we right now?
" And I need to know in 2025 what's coming in 2026, 2027, and 2028.
I'm telling you all, I need to catch up.
Don't focus on the old words; they're coming to pass.
We need to know what's coming.
What's coming?
I need to look on the edge of the wall and say, "God, what's coming now?
" because we need to catch up.
That's what I need to do.
I need to catch up.
Don't focus on yesterday.
Don't focus on today.
What's going on in the future?
Let's take communion today and let's pray and believe God for more wisdom and revelation coming from him.
He may not show us anything.
He may show us some stuff.
So I just go, "Well, Lord, whatever you have to say, let's say it.
And now let me have a heart to receive it.
" I need Jesus to have more in me.
I've already got all of Jesus I can have.
I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
It's me decreasing so that he can increase in my life.
I have to decrease.
And the only way I do that is dying to self.
And today I want to die more to self.
Die more so that he may live bigger in me.
I want him more inside of me to take over.
I need more.
I need more of Jesus today.
You do, too.
Every one of us needs more.
More revelation of him inside of us, him taking over more.
So, Father, let's lift up this body.
Father, we lift up this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And Lord, I thank you.
I thank you, Lord, that you've paid the price for me.
I thank you, Lord, that you died for me.
I thank you, Lord, that you rose again on the third day.
I thank you, Lord, that we don't have to walk in sickness and disease.
Thank you, Lord, right now in Jesus' name.
Mentally, emotionally, physically, financially, we're blessed.
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
We take the blood and we apply the blood.
Father, we make much of the blood today and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
As I stand on the wall with my brothers and sisters today, we stand on the wall, Lord, and we thank you, Lord.
" We thank you, Lord, that you are our God, and we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our families.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our children.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our finances and over our households.
And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for even our churches; that our pastors, our evangelists, our teachers, and our prophets, Father, they will wake up in the name of Jesus and they will preach the backbone of the word, the meat of the word, teaching the people how to live a righteous lifestyle and live by faith.
This is a time like never before; it's time for the church to arise.
It's time for the church to wake up and take their position of authority, taking their position of faith, taking their position that they are more than conquerors through him who is in Christ Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we come boldly into your throne today, right now.
And we thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for our lives in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Father, for Canada, that this isn't the end.
But God, it's time for the church to rise up like never before.
Not a weak, anemic church, but a church that's the true church, the blood-bought, the church of the redeemed.
Because we are in that army of the Lord, bought with his blood, and we are going forth.
There is nothing that can stop this mighty moving force.
Remember that we're the blood-bought, the church of the redeemed.
I believe that it's time for the church to rise up in Canada like never before, and the same with South Korea and Australia.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a mighty hand, a mighty moving power, a mighty moving spirit of the Lord to move in Holy Ghost and fire over these lands—over America—that in this reprieve, we don't just take it for granted and squander it.
But Father, we rise up and say enough is enough.
Satan, you get your hands off of us!
We will be that blood-bought, the church of the redeemed, to walk and take authority over the devil as believers, just like the Tommy Hicks vision, Father, that when the Holy Ghost is pointing towards us—the giant pointing to us—we will say, 'Yes, Lord, here am I.
Yes, Lord, here am I.
Send me, oh God.
' Send us into all the world, Father, that we make disciples.
And we do the Great Commission, doing what you've commissioned us to do: to go into all the world, preaching the gospel, laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover, casting out devils, and raising the dead.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Great Commission is still going on today.
And it should not be something that we are not familiar with where we go, 'Well, that's kind of odd,' when we see somebody raised from the dead; it's part of the Great Commission.
And then, Father, that we take that Great Commission and we raise the dead and cast out devils.
If there were devils 2,000 years ago and Jesus dealt with them, that means they're still on the earth today.
And there are many people that are walking with demonic possession and oppression that need to be free today.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we, the body of Christ, rise up in the name of Jesus, taking our place of authority and going about doing all that Jesus has commissioned us to do, Father, not shrinking back, but rising up with the sword of the spirit and quenching all the fiery darts of the wicked by our shield of faith, by the word that comes out of our mouth.
We thank you, Lord, that that word runs out of us like a mighty river quenching all the fiery darts, Father, for it is a river of living water, and it's the water that flows out of us that quenches those darts.
By the shield of faith, we are able to stop them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Holy Ghost and fire is not just suppressed and in a little box.
It's not like that little thing that says, 'Excuse me, excuse me, will you let me out of here?
' We say, 'Oh, let the Holy Ghost run wild inside of us and become bolder and bolder and bolder about who we are in Christ and taking our dominion and authority.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single one of us would get a backbone like a crowbar.
And we, Father, say, 'Thus far and no further, Satan!
You will not harm us, hurt us, or hinder us in any way.
' In the name of Jesus, we take our rightful place in the seat of authority far above all principalities and powers.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you are on the throne laughing at the plans of the devil, laughing at the adversary, laughing at the demonic attacks.
You're laughing at it because we're more than conquerors.
How much greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world?
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're rising up in our marriages.
We're rising up in our homes, and the fathers are taking their authority over the devil and he will not rob the marriages.
He will not rob the children of what they need; it's called peace—peace that passes all understanding.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's leadership in the homes.
There's stability in the houses.
That husbands would do what they're supposed to do and take authority over the devil.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that wives would go beside them and help them and that they would work as a unit, not two-headed.
If there are two heads, it's a monster.
Do you understand?
There needs to be one head, and it's Jesus Christ, and the husband leading is what needs to be.
And then the wife submits herself to the Lord and her husband, and they work together as a mighty moving force.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is a mighty warring people going about doing all that they could do.
Father, that this is a time that the husbands rise up and take authority over the devil.
They will not have this weak, limp-wristed, metrosexual man in the house that has no testosterone, but has a backbone that says, 'We won't stand for this.
' We're not standing for what's unrighteous.
We're not standing for what's not biblical.
We're going to have a biblical-based Christianity that's based upon the word of God, and we're not going to sway away from it.
We're going to do what the Bible tells us to do in this house, and we're not going to sway away from it.
And the pastors need to get a backbone like a crowbar and stop preaching a little limp-wristed, metrosexual, wimpy gospel that has no backbone to it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people rise up and have boldness in these days and the hour—a Holy Ghost boldness to do and proclaim what God has called us to do.
And that's to be who God's called us to be as a Great Commission church that is not defeated, not weak, not busted and disgusted, but has victory.
And we're going from glory to glory; he's changing us.
We're coming up higher with the fire.
We're soaring like the eagles, mounting up with wings, and we're going to go higher and higher and higher and higher and higher.
Not being a bunch of chickens in the chicken yard.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we'll be those people that say, 'We are tired; we're fed up with what the devil's doing in our nations.
' And it starts there before they try to silence you and take away your First Amendment rights in America, saying you're not allowed to say this stuff anymore, you're not allowed to stand against this stuff anymore.
You have a window.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we use this window to rise up and to do what you've called us to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Holy Ghost and fire—just like Moses had the glory sustain him for 120 years—the glory sustained him, and you just had to call him home because he would have kept on living because of the glory.
That's what kept Adam alive was the glory.
He was clothed in the glory.
And when we get clothed in the glory of God, it saturates us like it did Moses.
If God would do it for Moses, how much more will he do it for you?
When the glory is inside of us, it renews our minds.
When the word renews our mind, the glory of the Lord changes us from glory to glory.
He's changing us, and that's what fills us.
The Holy Ghost waterfall inside of us fills us and renews our cells, defeats cancers, defeats Alzheimer's, defeats brain tumors, defeats leukemia, defeats all of it.
It's the glory when the glory is inside of you and it comes up like a mighty rushing well.
Father, bubbling for being filled with the Holy Ghost.
You told me, you said, 'Brandon, there will be great sobering days ahead.
' But what will get you through the sobering days is to be being filled with the Holy Ghost.
Be being filled, be drunk on the new wine.
Be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Being drunk in the Holy Ghost, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that new wine, that refreshing, is coming on the body today.
A refreshing of the Holy Ghost, a refreshing of the spirit of the Lord is coming on these households today.
A lot of people are dry, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that you fill our cup.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
We need a fresh touch, Lord.
We need a fresh drink over our minds.
We renew our minds with the word of God.
We fill our spirits up with you and we are refreshed.
We're refreshed in Jesus' name.
There needs to be a refreshing on you every day.
He is the fountain.
He is the living water.
And we drink and we get filled with that Holy Ghost and fire.
We need it every day.
There are so many people living on ten-year-old food, ten-year-old revelation, ten-year-old manna.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your mercies are new every morning.
New word, new revelation comes from you, Holy Spirit, all the time.
That taproot, like I was talking about yesterday, is going deep, looking for the fresh water.
I refuse to stay in stagnant food.
I want fresh food, fresh revelation, fresh outpouring, fresh water, not old stagnant wine and old wineskins that turned into vinegar, but new wine with new freshness, new outpouring, new Holy Ghost fire.
Get a new drink.
That's what we're expecting today, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over every single person who's believing for it today.
They're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
That's the kind of God we serve.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're covered by the blood of Jesus.
Every single one of them today is covered by the blood.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we have expectation.
We wake up every single day and we have expectation for the glory to manifest in our lives.
We have expectation for impartation from the Holy Ghost.
We're not sitting and going, 'Well, you know, it's just another day.
Maybe tomorrow will be better.
' No, we grab a hold of the day and we make the best of it and we're excited about it and we say, 'Today is our day.
Today is the day of victory in my house.
' We will walk by faith and not by sight.
We will have what the Bible says we can have.
We can do what the Bible says we can do.
We will not wait for another day, another five years from now.
I expect it today.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're turning it around on a dime.
You're turning it around in the name of Jesus.
My circumstances are turning around.
Blessing is chasing me down.
It's running over.
Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto our bosom.
It's chasing us down.
Goodness and mercy will follow us all the days of our life.
I believe what you said about me today.
I receive what you said I could have today.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, that you're moving the mountains.
And we speak to those mountains right now in the name of Jesus.
And we say, 'Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
' And we don't doubt in our hearts, Lord, because, Father, you said we can have whatsoever things we say.
We say to the mountain today, we are not going to have to climb you.
We're not going to have to walk around you.
We say we're mountain dissolvers.
And your mountain needs to hear your voice today.
And we say in the name of Jesus, 'Mountain, be removed.
' Thank you, Lord.
Whatever your mountain may be, it doesn't matter.
It could be a financial mountain, it could be whatever mountain it is.
Whatever is in front of you and it looks big, we speak to what's big in front of us and we tell you to be gone.
You see, it could be a bad marriage, it could be sickness, it could be finances.
I speak to the mountain to be gone.
And I call in fresh fire.
I call in fresh water.
And I say to my mountains, I say to these things, 'Be gone.
' You've got to say it.
You've got to believe it.
It even says if you shall not doubt in your heart—don't doubt in your heart.
That's like Abraham.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, he is able also to perform.
I'm fully persuaded that God has this.
I'm fully persuaded today.
I stagger not at the promise of God through unbelief.
Thank you, Lord, for your healing power.
Thank you, Lord, that no matter how big the sickness may be, that mountain of sickness, by his stripes, I am healed.
He was wounded for my transgressions.
He was bruised for my iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes, we are healed, Lord.
I speak to the mountain of sickness.
I speak to the mountain of disease, and I say, 'Be gone.
' In the name of Jesus, I call the legs to grow out.
I call my arms to grow out.
I speak for new growth.
I speak for life.
Life, be!
Can these old dead bones live?
Ezekiel said, 'Can these old dead bones live?
' Can they live?
Yes.
Speak to the dry bones.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Speak to the bones.
' I speak to the spiritual dead bones.
Can these bones live?
All things are possible to him who believes.
You say, 'Well, I've been down and out so long spiritually, Brandon.
I don't know if I'm ever going to get out of this hole.
' Can these bones live today?
Do you believe that the bones that were in the valley that were full and dead that God could raise up an army out of them?
All we need is a living touch of that living water on you today.
He's never left us and he's never forsaken us.
He's there.
We've run from him.
He's waiting.
'When are you coming home like the prodigals?
' 'When are you coming home like the prodigal today?
' I say today, I am running to Jesus and he's there with the fatted calf.
He's ready to help us and is an ever-present help in a time of need.
The Bible says Jesus the Lord is an ever-present help in a time of need.
That doesn't sound like someone who's an absentee dad.
That doesn't sound like a dad who's abandoned his child.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
There's a lot of you that have daddy issues.
Your dad was mean to you.
They abused you.
They weren't there for you.
They left your mama and they left you there.
You were like orphans.
You didn't have the finances to get through.
You all struggled hard because you had a single mama trying to help you all.
Dad didn't want to pay child support.
These were very hard times.
So, it's hard for you to see a loving father in Jesus or our Father God.
It's hard for you to see a God that loves you because you say, "He's my father," because you have an absentee father syndrome.
But God is an ever-present help in a time of need and he's not like your earthly father.
He never leaves you and he'll never forsake you.
God is a God of love and he loves you and he wants the best for you.
You need to go around saying, "My father loves me.
" Today I receive my father's love.
I know, Father, I have a lot of war wounds inside of me concerning my earthly father, the one who gave me the seed that planted and brought me forth into this earth.
But Father, you are not an absentee father.
You are a God that never leaves me.
I'll be with you lo until the end of the earth.
I will be with you always.
I don't know who that's for today, but you have real daddy issues concerning your earthly father, and it's hurt your relationship with your spiritual father, but God wants to renew all things.
He wants to make all things new, fixing and making it what the devil meant for bad.
God's going to turn it around for your good today.
Fixing all the daddy issues.
Fixing all that pain, the scars of abandonment that you have felt.
The abandonment of feeling I'm not good enough.
Obviously, he didn't want me.
They left me for adoption.
They left me for this.
I have abandonment issues because my family didn't want me.
But God's waiting with his arms wide open for you.
He has that fatted calf saying, "Come on home, honey.
Come on home, son.
You can make it.
I'm waiting on you.
" He's waiting there with his arms wide open, waiting for you today.
If you just let him in.
Will you just let him in?
Give him a chance today.
Receive it by faith today.
Thank you, Father, that you become so real to these people that have so much hurt inside.
Holy Spirit, fix the hurt.
Cleanse them from this hurt.
Wash it from their memories, Lord.
Father, they don't keep dwelling on the past and going, "I've got issues.
" No.
Today, behold, He makes all things new.
Do you believe that?
Do you believe that God loves you?
Do you believe that God so loved the world that he gave his only son, that whosoever would believe in him would not perish but have everlasting life?
Do you believe that today?
I believe today is your day of salvation.
You just have to say a simple prayer with me.
Father, say it: Father, I receive you as my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died and you rose again on the third day, and I believe you're at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me as I speak, calling my name.
And the moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
All you have to do is believe it by faith.
What does that mean?
Father, I receive it.
I believe what you did for me and I receive it.
I need a savior.
I need Jesus.
I don't need Muhammad.
I don't need Buddha.
I don't need the devil.
I don't need any kind of false religion.
I need Jesus today.
And you say, "Well, there are many gods, false gods, but there's only one true God, and that is Jehovah Jireh.
" That is "I am that I am," the God that made the heavens and the universe.
He made everything just for you.
He's the only true God.
There's a lot of false gods.
And there's a lot of people say, "Well, I'll receive another god because I have all these other gods.
" No, there's only one God, and there's only one savior, and it's Jesus Christ.
And you have to denounce all those other false gods.
You have to denounce them and say, "I don't want that anymore.
I only want one God.
" Because God is a jealous God and he will only be number one in your life.
He will not share with any idols.
There's no other thing before him.
Do you understand?
It's selling out to Jesus.
I want you, Jesus.
I make Jesus my Lord and personal Savior.
Not second to all these other things.
Only one God, only one baptism, only one Holy Ghost and fire, one.
He is "I am that I am.
" He is everything.
And that's what you receive today.
And all that other crap that you've worshiped and all these other idols—whoever's watching this, I feel it—all that other stuff, burn it, throw it in the trash, destroy it because it's an abomination.
Don't do it anymore.
Serve only him.
Jesus.
Make him your Lord and personal Savior.
That's all you have to do today.
I speak to so many different people throughout the whole world that have all kinds of different religions.
"Well, I do tarot cards.
I do witchcraft and I do these things: astrology.
I talk to the stars.
I do all this stuff.
" Weird stuff.
I have crystals.
I have all kinds of people email us wanting to know, "How does Brandon see?
I want to have that power too.
" I talk to all these familiar spirits.
I astral project.
I do this, but I want to see like that too.
You're talking to devils.
And the only thing that will ever take you to where I'm at is Jesus Christ.
All that other stuff is demonic.
The other stuff is sending you to hell.
You have to separate yourself only to Jesus and denounce the devil and every evil work and say, "I don't want anything to do with you.
I am sold out to Jesus today.
I will die for the cause of Christ today because Jesus died for me.
" Nobody else died for you.
No one else died for you.
Muhammad didn't die for you.
Buddha didn't die for you.
The devil most certainly did not die for you.
No familiar spirit, no crystal, no nothing has died for you.
The only man who ever died for you was a perfect savior.
His name was Jesus.
And Jesus died for you so that you don't have to go to hell.
That's the only way to the father is through him.
No other god, no other thing is able to get you to heaven.
There's only one and it's Jesus Christ.
He's the only way to the father.
You have to know this because there's many of you that hear a lot of different things, but I'm here to tell you the truth that Jesus Christ is the only way.
I get emotional about it because there's so many people that are going to hell on a day-to-day basis that think they're on the right road and they're on the wrong road.
Today might be your last day on this planet.
Today might be your last.
This could be your last video you ever watch.
This could be your last breath.
Who knows when your time clock is over.
But you play with fire every day.
Literally, you play with fire every day thinking, "Well, I have tomorrow.
I have maybe five years.
" You may only have a couple seconds.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
And if you have not accepted Jesus, you're playing with fire.
Go back and rewind this and pray that prayer I just gave you and ask him to be your Lord and personal savior.
And if you just accepted Jesus Christ today, please let us know down below.
We would rejoice with you.
The family that are watching this video with you would love to rejoice with you.
My wife and I personally will send you a Bible for free to get you on the path of what you need to be doing: reading your Bible.
I can send you a New King James Bible; it's beautiful.
Read it every single day.
Find a church that teaches the Word of God—a good church.
If you don't like the church or the way they are, leave, but go to a church that teaches the Word of God.
Tell the pastor there, "I just got born again on the internet," and get water baptized.
This is very important.
Find a good Bible-believing church, plug yourself in there, and get in the Word of God every single day.
Volunteer, do whatever you have to do, and that's the Christian life.
Tell other people about the great things you've done because I'm telling you, the best is yet to come for you.
If you sin and mess up again, pick yourself up, brush your knees off, and keep going.
You see, it's not hard.
The devil tries to make it hard, but we need to rise up as believers and encourage the young believers that they can do it.
I'm glad you came and watched this video.
I hope it encouraged you and that you gave your heart to Jesus Christ today because that's the only decision that really matters: where you will spend eternity.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory from glory to glory.
He's changing you, the believer.
Thank you, Father.
Restoration of all things, healing of all things, and deliverance of all things.
Thank you, Lord, for your healing power and for delivering us this hour.
Glory to God.
The best is yet to come.
Well, praise the Lord.
That's what I had for you today.
It's different every single day.
I am so thankful that you showed up.
Today was about salvation.
The Lord is calling the world back to him.
He wants you, ladies and gentlemen.
He wants to set you free from all the bondage from childhood.
It's interesting—his heart beats differently every day.
He's leaving the 99 and going after the one today.
He's just looking for the one who will say, "Yes, Lord, here am I.
" Thank you for being here today.
We pray for Canada and all these other nations.
But what helps us the most?
Subscribe, click the notification bell, click like, and comment something nice down below.
We truly appreciate the support.
You love on my family; there are so many of you who love us.
A lady in Kansas named Julie sent Braden a Bible book and Bible things.
Braden loves those Bible curriculum things he's been getting.
I'm just thankful that you would love on us the way you do.
There are so many kind people sending books, coffee mugs, and even socks.
It's just love—people loving on you.
We appreciate you being kind to me and my kids.
God's good, y'all, and we are thankful that you stand with us.
You pray with us and want to be a part of this YouTube community, praying for the harvest of souls throughout the world.
We believe we're so close to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It should be getting us excited because Jesus is coming soon.
But I believe we're going to have a great revival first.
There are so many unsaved loved ones that need to know Jesus.
I don't want anyone to perish, but all to come to repentance today.
I pray this video blessed you and uplifted your spirits.
We always close the broadcast by telling you all: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, we love you, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.
Have a wonderful day.